The three evolutionary aglorithms the team designed each focussed on a particular aspect so then it can be determined which paradigm 
would lead to the most desirable results.

Algorithm 1: Balanced Exploration and Exploitation
Selection: Tournament Selection
Crossover: Partially Mapped Crossover (PMX)
Mutation: Swap Mutation

Justification:
Tournament selection ensures that early convergence is avoided compared to a method like fitness-proportional during later runs, which can get
due to dominating solutions. By selecting a small tourament size of 3, the very best individuas would not be able to dominates the
population, keeping some diversity and reducing the possibility of premature convergence. The PMX operator would assist in preserving the 
relative ordering from the parents, so good subtours can be passed on reliably, hence maintaining a good balance between preservation and 
variation. Finally, the swap mutation introduces diversity without completely disturbing the structure of a good solution. Since it makes small
changes, it would not be too disruptive, which works well in combination with PMX. This balance between exploration and exploitation was chosen
as a middle ground and to observe how it fairs compared to the two extremes investigated in Algorithms 2 and 3. 




Algorithm 2: Exploration and Diversity Focused
Selection: Fitness-Proportional Selection
Crossover: Cycle Crossover
Mutation: Insertion Mutation

Justificaiton:
Although fitness-proportional can get exploitative during later stages of running the algorithm, it would promote more exploration during the
early or mid stages. Hence, weaker individuals would persist for longer, resulting in an expected slower convergence. Cycle Crossover
ensures that each city in the child apperas in the same position as the parent. This would create more variation among children, allowing for
a more exploratorive approach. However, since each position still comes from the parent, it is not completely destructive. The insertion mutation
further supports exploration by removing a cty from its position and re-inserting it elswhere. It would also help in breaking out of undesirable
local configurations by moving cities across a tour.



Algorithm 3: Exploitative and Refinement Focused
Selection: Elitism (keeping top 5-10% unchanged each generation) + Tournament selection for the rest.
Crossover: Edge Recombination Crossover
Mutation: Inversion Mutation

Justification:
Elitism would ensure that the very best solutions survive in each generation. Tournament selection is used because it can be used to still
preserve some diversity. Keeping it around 3 ensures that weaker individuals still have a chance to be selected, preserving some diversity and
ensures that the entire population does not begin to clone the elite solutions too quickly. Edge Recombination is chosen because it preserves
as many parent edges as possible in the children, so if the arents are already good solutions, then the children already have a good foundation,
following the exploitative setup of this algorithm. Finally, Inversion Mutation was chosen because it acts as more of a refinement operator 
as it reverses a segment of the tour, rather than being more exploratory like swap or insertion.